authoring content guide - nwtwwhb (#139)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/guides/authoring-content.md

Long, single-line code blocks should not wrap. They should horizontally scroll if they are too long. This line should be long enough to demonstrate this.
```

## Other common Markdown features

> Starlight supports all other common Markdown authoring syntax, such as lists and tables. See the [Markdown documentation](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) for all the options available.

Author: ```suggestion
Starlight supports all other Markdown authoring syntax, such as lists and tables. See the [[Markdown Cheat Sheet from The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)] for a quick overview of all the Markdown syntax elements.
```

> Starlight supports all other Markdown authoring syntax, such as lists and tables. See the [Markdown Cheat Sheet from The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)] for a quick overview of all the Markdown syntax elements.

Author: ```suggestion
Starlight supports all other Markdown authoring syntax, such as lists and tables. See the [Markdown Cheat Sheet from The Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/) for a quick overview of all the Markdown syntax elements.
```
